# 练习16

## 1001-Accepted Necklace

### Problem Description

I have N precious stones, and plan to use K of them to make a necklace for my mother, but she won't accept a necklace which is too heavy. Given the value and the weight of each precious stone, please help me find out the most valuable necklace my mother will accept.

### Input

The first line of input is the number of cases. 
For each case, the first line contains two integers N (N <= 20), the total number of stones, and K (K <= N), the exact number of stones to make a necklace. 
Then N lines follow, each containing two integers: a (a<=1000), representing the value of each precious stone, and b (b<=1000), its weight. 
The last line of each case contains an integer W, the maximum weight my mother will accept, W <= 1000. 

### Output

For each case, output the highest possible value of the necklace.

### Sample Input

```
1 
2 1 
1 1 
1 1 
3 
```

### Sample Output

```
1 
```

### Source

HDU男生专场公开赛——赶在女生之前先过节（From WHU）

## 1002-Red and Black

### Problem Description

There is a rectangular room, covered with square tiles. Each tile is colored either red or black. A man is standing on a black tile. From a tile, he can move to one of four adjacent tiles. But he can't move on red tiles, he can move only on black tiles.

Write a program to count the number of black tiles which he can reach by repeating the moves described above. 

### Input

The input consists of multiple data sets. A data set starts with a line containing two positive integers W and H; W and H are the numbers of tiles in the x- and y- directions, respectively. W and H are not more than 20.

There are H more lines in the data set, each of which includes W characters. Each character represents the color of a tile as follows.

'.' - a black tile 
'#' - a red tile 
'@' - a man on a black tile(appears exactly once in a data set) 

### Output

For each data set, your program should output a line which contains the number of tiles he can reach from the initial tile (including itself). 

### Sample Input

```
6 9
....#.
.....#
......
......
......
......
......
#@...#
.#..#.
11 9
.#.........
.#.#######.
.#.#.....#.
.#.#.###.#.
.#.#..@#.#.
.#.#####.#.
.#.......#.
.#########.
...........
11 6
..#..#..#..
..#..#..#..
..#..#..###
..#..#..#@.
..#..#..#..
..#..#..#..
7 7
..#.#..
..#.#..
###.###
...@...
###.###
..#.#..
..#.#..
0 0
```

### Sample Output

```
45
59
6
13
```

### Source

Asia 2004, Ehime (Japan), Japan Domestic

## 1003-Cannon

### Problem Description

In Chinese Chess, there is one kind of powerful chessmen called Cannon. It can move horizontally or vertically along the chess grid. At each move, it can either simply move to another empty cell in the same line without any other chessman along the route or perform an eat action. The eat action, however, is the main concern in this problem. 
An eat action, for example, Cannon A eating chessman B, requires two conditions: 
1、A and B is in either the same row or the same column in the chess grid. 
2、There is exactly one chessman between A and B. 
Here comes the problem. 
Given an N x M chess grid, with some existing chessmen on it, you need put maximum cannon pieces into the grid, satisfying that any two cannons are not able to eat each other. It is worth nothing that we only account the cannon pieces you put in the grid, and no two pieces shares the same cell.

### Input

There are multiple test cases. 
In each test case, there are three positive integers N, M and Q (1<= N, M<=5, 0<=Q <= N x M) in the first line, indicating the row number, column number of the grid, and the number of the existing chessmen. 
In the second line, there are Q pairs of integers. Each pair of integers X, Y indicates the row index and the column index of the piece. Row indexes are numbered from 0 to N-1, and column indexes are numbered from 0 to M-1. It guarantees no pieces share the same cell.

### Output

There is only one line for each test case, containing the maximum number of cannons.

### Sample Input

```
4 4 2 
1 1 1 2 
5 5 8 
0 0 1 0 1 1 2 0 2 3 3 1 3 2 4 0 
```

### Sample Output

```
8 
9
```

### Source

2013 ACM-ICPC吉林通化全国邀请赛——题目重现